Time machine mode [Z#23129725] (#3961)
pretix/pretix: doc/development/setup.rst

Then, go to http://localhost:8081 for a version of the documentation that automatically re-builds
whenever you change a source file.

Working with frontend assets
----------------------------

> To update the frontent styles, run the following commands inside your virtual environment.::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the frontend styles of shops with a custom styling, run the following commands inside
your virtual environment.::
```
